That's my master's sword officer. If you don't let me go,
Give me a reason from that.
Do you know that Qingyang official was not just a sword official before?
What is that? It's the same Shidi.
The same kind of charity is to protect people after their death,
After the year of surgery, Hejing turned into Yin places such as Zuojiang.
That was all more than ten years ago,
Besides, my grandfather left Daoguan more than ten years ago.
It doesn't matter if you walk across the river.
I don’t know why you think my grandfather is in danger,
But I can tell you clearly, neither will I.
Go, he actually talked about a good grandson.
If it weren't for my grandfather, I would have died long ago.
People can not have good intentions
But you can’t walk without understanding
Don't talk about progress
Bingbingbingbingbingbingbingbingbing
It'll be fine if you talk to me like this so quickly again
It seems like just now
Rhubarb ran out of the village
Grandpa, why are you here?
I'm afraid of you tonight
Run out without knowing whether to live or die again
The journey will take you up the mountain
You feel more at ease now that you are under my nose, grandpa
I just wanted to find you
Just now someone told me that I Qiao Xiang
What's the red doctor line connected to him?
And that old lady
He has been following me Bingbing
what do I do
The sky is dark
Come up the mountain with me
Let's find a solution together
When I was young, Hu Laoliu and I lived in Qin
food served
Sent across the border
There will be food to eat after the school is open
Didn't expect the middle
Put things into their pictures
Eight people's words settled Yin De
It also bothered your father
Don't say that
if it weren't for you
Regardless of the fact, he would have starved to death long ago
Don't be too immature